game objective
    collect the 3 (#?) keys from the random dungeons
    game timer

game framework
    overworld
        terrain generation - done
        object generation - done
        lights - done
        dungeons
            + entrance/exit
            + multiple levels
            + keys/doors
            objects
            lights - done
        enemies
            day/night enemies
        Quests
            Yeah!
    player
        bound to world - done
        bound to walls - done
        + sword swinging -> if something is in the mag + angles then it is a hit
        + side view
        + change movement to grid based?  need to see how that feels, it would also make it easier for collision detection
    camera
        clamp to world - done

textures
    make a loader that reads from spritesheets generated from texture packer
    use the filename to control category & name in this format:
        category-name-animation-frame.png
        animation and frame are optional
    need to come up with a good workflow for the texture packing
    texture up the overworld/dungeon - need to detect is around each cell, need to make stuff for each overworld/dungeon type

Fixes
    dungeon size/starting & ending location
    dungeon lights - should have better logic, not just random
        Maybe randomize this with noise somehow?
    rework the config file to remove the unnecessary stuff
    error when the first object isn't in the object.json file
    texture mapping

objects
    make objects side-view
    Make objects their own class somehow
        pass: map/cells ref, type: overworld/dungeon - tracks the config to use, if you check by biome?
        should otherwise be ok

    Put objects in dungeons
    movable, collidable, pick-upable, regrowable objects
    how do we make it so it is efficient??
        mark the index of the object in the cell itself, that way we only need to loop through the cells that are visibly on the screen instead of all objects 
        make multiple objects for this... one that is just static objects, one with moveable ones?  you only need to loop through the moveable ones


    three layers
        layer 1 - low stuff, draw before player
        layer 2, 3 = higher stuff, draw after player
    the size of the object will determine what cells on the overworld/dungeon cell maps are "occupied" / are "walls" which will control collisions
    use a sprite batch to track object positions, texture quads
        need to track index of sprite batch item

    position (top left?)
    angle
    layer (layers are different sprite batches)
    size (1, 2, 3 etc - represents how many cells it occupies)

    has light(s)

    if objects move then they move in the world and also need to update the cells they occupy


    enemies, bullets, etc also move in the world the same way but are lists of their own?

    treasures
    keys
    map pieces
    decoration/vegatation

lights
    overworld, room lights
    bullet lights

day/night cycle
    2 colours: day/night switches ebtween the two

map pieces
    in dead ends

overworld
    entry points to dungeons
    various noise maps to generate terrain, trees and stuff

dungeons
    random sizes and number of keys/doors
    end of the dungeon has a boss or something that guards the big key/treasure and lets you exit

rework graphics to be top down for world but side for all objects


https://opengameart.org/content/lots-of-free-2d-tiles-and-sprites-by-hyptosis



CBT Thought Record Worksheet
    In the first column (Situation) clients should be instructed to record what they were doing when they started to notice a significant change in how they were feeling. Training clients to record specific details (such as who they were with, where they were, and what had just happened) is often helpful when later elaborating a memory for an event, or simply in understanding the reasons for subsequent thoughts and responses
    In the second column (Emotions and body sensations) clients should be instructed to record the emotional reactions that caught their attention in that moment (which can typically be described using single words, e.g. anxious, scared, terrified) and associated body sensations (e.g. tightness in my stomach). Clients should be encouraged to rate the intensity of these sensations on 0–100% scale.
    In the third column (Anxious thoughts) clients should be directed to record any automatic cognitions. They should be reminded that cognitions can take the form of verbal thoughts, but can also take the form of images, or memories. Anxious thoughts often take the form of (negative) predictions about the (near) future. If a recorded cognition is an image (e.g. “I had a picture in my mind of my daughter falling over the edge”) clients should be directed to question what that image means to them (e.g “It means I’m careless and not capable of looking after her”) and to record that idiosyncratic meaning.
    In the fourth column (Coping responses) clients should be instructed to record what they did in response to the anxious thought and feeling. Did they make efforts to express or suppress it? Did they respond overtly (e.g. safety behavior) or covertly (e.g. self-reassurance)?



Anxiety Self-Monitoring Record
    Start by cueing the client’s memory for the NAT by directing them to think about where & when the NAT occurred. Record this in the first column.
    The cue for completing a thought record is usually a sudden change in emotion. In the second column record the emotion felt and it’s subjective intensity.
    In the third column record the NAT. Helpful prompts are “what were you thinking about when you started to feel that way?” or “what was going through your mind as you started to feel that way?”. NATs can be images as well as thoughts. In the case of an image ask the client to reflect on what the image meant (e.g. if the client has an image of themself frozen to the spot it may have idiosyncratic meanings ranging such as “I’m weak”).
    If there are multiple NATs then select one to work on.
    In the fourth column record the evidence for the selected NAT.
    In the fifth column record any evidence which contradicts the NAT. Clients may need help to overcome their ‘blind spots’. Depersonalise the issue by asking what a friend might say.
    In the sixth column write a new thought which synthesises all of the recorded information. The new thought may be considerably longer than the original thoughts. It may not necessarily be positive, the aim is to counter bias in the original thought.
    In the final column re-rate the client’s emotional state in light of the updated thought.


Worry Thought Record
    Identify the situation in which the worry occurred (this can help to prompt client’s memories for the event)
    Identify the worry thought
    Clearly identify the prediction that is being made & rate the client’s confidence in that event occurring (0-100%)
    Record the emotion associated with the worry (typically anxiety – other emotional reactions can prompt exploration by the therapist)
    Record the evidence for and against the prediction (evidence which indicates the predicted events are likely to occur or not).
    Consider whether an event like that predicted has ever happened before, how often it tends to happen, what circumstances it tends to happen in, and whether those circumstances apply to this situation
    Re-rate the confidence in the likelihood of the predicted event occurring (0-100%)



manulife
    1-877-277-5297 275063
trent cess 

work facilitation
reduced hours
psycologist
eap

due june 25





